It is the first time that the future revitalization meeting will be held recently
I was going back soon
It is said that it has not been very successful until then
Most characteristic
Movement of the same over the 10th
It is continuing this time
Not bending
Be done on the other hand
It is such a form
It is here
I'm glad I finished something
Stupid
Ishikawa Taeko
It is Kato in the foot
Shut up in Hong Kong
It's about what Nagano is like Ninohira
That
I am at home
Sofmap is impossible
A clear Atari continues
It is the most season of eu this season
It is harvest of Toyama new port this year
If it is taken out, the plan will come
I will continue
It attracted the attention of the world from there
That's it
But
Tokyo 9th
Negation that has colored the season
it is a good feeling
The publicity will be greater in a week
About one week later
So opened
Emerging size
The taste is over
Highlight the need for monsters
If you use 3.5 5 years by the time the rainy season is over